feat: add hasIntegration utility (#22)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: docs/src/content/docs/utilities/has-integration.mdx

---
title: hasIntegration

> description: Checks whether an integration is already installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Checks whether an integration is already part of the Astro config.
```

---
import { Tabs, TabItem } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

> `hasIntegration` checks whether an integration has already been installed and simply returns a boolean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hasIntegration` checks whether an integration is already been part of the Astro config. For example:
```

Author: What about "`hasIntegration` checks whether an integration is already been installed in the Astro config. For example:" ?

Reviewer: mmh not sure about the official terminology here, wait a sec

Reviewer: Let's go for `add`

Reviewer: yeah sounds good

<Tabs>
    <TabItem label="All-in">
	```ts title="my-integration/index.ts"
	import { hasIntegration } from "astro-integration-kit";

	export default defineIntegration({
		name: "my-integration",
		setup() {
			return {
				"astro:config:setup": () => {
					if (hasIntegration("@astrojs/tailwind")) {
						console.log("Tailwind already installed");
					}
				}
			}
		}
	})
	```
	</TabItem>
	<TabItem label="Vanilla">
	```ts title="integration/index.ts"
	import type { AstroIntegration } from "astro";
	import { hasIntegration } from "astro-integration-kit/vanilla";

	export default function myIntegration(): AstroIntegration {
		return {
			name: "my-integration",
			hooks: {
				"astro:config:setup": ({ config }) => {
					const tailwindIsInstalled = hasIntegration({
						name: "@astrojs/tailwind",
						config,
					});

					if (tailwindIsInstalled) {
						console.log("Tailwind already installed")

> 					}

Reviewer: Can you inline the condition here?
